# KavachHackathon
KAVACH-2023 a unique national Hackathon to identify innovative concepts and technology solutions for addressing the security challenges of the 21st century faced by our intelligence agencies.
KAVACH 2023 Working toward empowering these imperative notions of our society, MoE's Innovation Cell,AICTE along with Bureau of Police Research and Development (BPR&D)(MHA) and Indian Cybercrime Coordination Centre (I4C)(MHA) have launched ‘KAVACH-2023’ a unique national Hackathon to identify innovative concepts and technology solutions for addressing the security challenges of the 21st century faced by our intelligence agencies.KAVACH-2023 is conceived to challenge India’s innovative minds to conceptualize ideas and framework in the domain of cyber security using artificial intelligence, deep learning, machine learning, automation, big data and cloud computing. KAVACH-2023 is a unique opportunity for higher institutional Students and Startups in India to submit their innovative ideas/concepts under the different problem statements. This event is going to be conducted in physical mode in two phase’s viz. Initial Phase/Idea screening round and Grand Finale round. In the Initial round the initially submitted ideas will be thoroughly screened and scrutinized and the selected ones will be moved for the Grand Finale that will be held in the month of July-2023. KAVACH 2023 will have two phases. The submitted ideas will be evaluated by a group of experts in the field and only the innovative ideas will be selected for the Grand Finale or 2nd round. During the Grand Finale, selected participants are expected to build the solution to demonstrate their concepts and prove to the juries that their ideas are technically feasible and more importantly implementable. Best ideas will be declared winners. During this 36 hours hackathon, scheduled in the month of July-23, selected youths from education institutions across the country will participate to offer strong, safe and effective technology solutions using their technical expertise and innovative skills. Total Prize money worth Rs. 20,00,000 is announced for the winning teams. This hackathon has 20 Problem statements related to the cyber security domain against which the innovative minds will be able to submit their ideas and compete against each other
